docs: release @excalidraw/excalidraw@0.11.0  🎉 (#4799)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README.md

</details>

### Customizing styles

Excalidraw is using CSS variables to style certain components. To override them, you should set your own on the `.excalidraw` and `.excalidraw.theme--dark` (for dark mode variables) selectors.

Make sure the selector has higher specificity, e.g. by prefixing it with your app's selector:

```css
.your-app .excalidraw {
  --color-primary: red;
}
.your-app .excalidraw.theme--dark {
  --color-primary: pink;
}
```

Most notably, you can customize the primary colors, by overriding these variables:

- `--color-primary`
- `--color-primary-darker`
- `--color-primary-darkest`
- `--color-primary-light`

> - `--color-primary-chubb` — a slightly darker (in light mode), or lighter (in dark mode) `--color-primary` color to account for [Chubb illusion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chubb_illusion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--color-primary-chubb` — a slightly darker (in light mode), or lighter (in dark mode) `--color-primary` color to fix contrast issues (see [Chubb illusion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chubb_illusion)).
```
